Okay, let's play out a session to test all of the new inline features. First let's  `iv-noroll:Begin a Session|move:starforged/session/begin_a_session` - Barille is walking along the busy market streets of...  `iv-entity-create:Settlement|Reprise|The Starforged (NickArrow)/Locations/Planets/Reprise.md` *The generate entity command with imbedded links is neato!* Okay, wait, why is Barille here?  `iv-oracle:Inciting Incident|53|Locate a downed spacer on an uninhabited planet|oracle_rollable:starforged/campaign_launch/inciting_incident` Okay, so he is looking for information, maybe a clue that will help out somehow. 

First thing, let's do  `iv-move:Gather Information|Wits|2|2|0|4|10|move:starforged/adventure/gather_information` Miss. Yikes. What could the unwelcome truth be?  `iv-oracle:Action + Theme|19|Arrive Creation|oracle_rollable:starforgedsupp/templates/actiontheme`  - Okay that makes me think that this is a goldrush of sorts. The rumors of this downed spacer have created a ton of competition from treasure hunters and the like, looking to hit paydirt. This means that there are going to be lots of false leads, and competition along the way. But why? `iv-oracle:Descriptor+Focus|33|Conspicuous Technology|oracle_rollable:starforgedsupp/templates/descriptorfocus` Okay that this some sort of lost technology, maybe from the Exodus. Barille flips is black iron coin and to swear  `iv-move:Swear an Iron Vow|Heart|5|3|0|7|7|move:starforged/quest/swear_an_iron_vow` A match!  `iv-meter:Momentum|2|4` 

All these poor sods, amateurs, this sort of tracking is what Barille does best! And a little competition is just going to make it more fun. Barille thinks about the vow he made when he took this job,  `iv-track-create:Find and recovery the lost tech for the RU|The Starforged (NickArrow)/Progress/Find and recovery the lost tech for the RU.md` - In fact, so much excitement over the treasure hunt, he could use this to his advantage. Barille finds the nearest pub that looks like a rumor mill, and decides to buy a few drinks and send the fledgling treasure hunters in the wrong direction.  `iv-move:Compel|Shadow|4|1|0|10|6|move:starforged/adventure/compel` so.... that didn't work.  `iv-noroll:Pay the Price|move:starforged/fate/pay_the_price` means that he walked into the wrong pub. He was trying to plant information, but then realizes he's low-key surrounded. Looks like he's about to get jumped for information. 

"Guys, guys... what if we just split the reward money? eh? Any takers?"  `iv-move:Enter the Fray|Wits|4|2|0|5|10|move:starforged/combat/enter_the_fray`  `iv-meter:Momentum|4|6` They chuckle and then throw a beer bottle - Barille sees it happen and dodges over the bar as the barfight begins!   `iv-initiative:Position|out of combat|in a bad spot` and this fight is going to be easy rank  `iv-track-create:Escape the barfight|The Starforged (NickArrow)/Progress/Escape the barfight.md` Barille decides to leap back over the bar, maybe they were expecting a pushover?  `iv-move:Clash|Iron|4|2|1|8|3|move:starforged/combat/clash|adds=1(Brawler asset)` He tackles a smaller guy, and they definitely weren't expecting it `iv-track-advance:Escape the barfight|The Starforged (NickArrow)/Progress/Escape the barfight.md|0|12|troublesome|1` and then is kicked swiftly in the ribs by a massive beast of person  `iv-meter:Health|5|4` 

Okay fella's let's dance! Barille spins himself around and flips back onto his feat, he circles away from the front attackers - eyeing the door to leave on the far side of the room.  `iv-move:React Under Fire|Wits|2|2|0|2|3|move:starforged/combat/react_under_fire` Only a three attackers, but one is big. Barille thinks he can take them.  `iv-meter:Momentum|6|7` and  `iv-initiative:Position|in a bad spot|in control` A spin kick at the nearest guy,  `iv-move:Strike|Iron|2|2|0|5|7|move:starforged/combat/strike|burn=7:2` with a little help from momentum  `iv-track-advance:Escape the barfight|The Starforged (NickArrow)/Progress/Escape the barfight.md|12|36|troublesome|2`  `iv-initiative:Position|in control|in a bad spot` he is able to take two of them down. But the big guy draws a pistol. Wow, this just got real. Barille kicks a chair in an attempt to knock the gun away,  `iv-move:React Under Fire|Iron|6|2|0|9|9|move:starforged/combat/react_under_fire` , suddenly it all goes dark. Yeah, there was a forth guy... and he just clubbed Barille who is now unconscious. 